Remember this whistle?
This time you take it
What will happen in the future?
I will be by your side
Kasheng spends money
Must find me soon
i
heart
Will definitely haunt you
After Master Jiang Wanyi returned from abroad
Went to prison to meet
After his dad came out
He contacted his father's former subordinate
But no one dared to meet him
It seems
Still know something
Do you want me to send someone now?
He's just skeptical now.
No definitive evidence has been found yet
I can see him.
It's not easy for him to get away
his dad
Isn't it the first day of junior high school?
Take his dad
Pick up the future
Yes
Miss Jiang Wan was rescued by Mr. Zhou
What? He was saved?